Introduction:

Command and Conquer is a game of military strategy. You are
battling to conquer the map, or to conquer your enemies. 
To win, you must launch daring attacks,
defend yourself on all fronts, and sweep across the field with
boldness and cunning. But remember, the dangers, as well as the rewards,
are high. Just when the map is within your grasp, your opponent might
strike and take it all away!

Map Options:

Before the game you can choose the map that you will be battling on.
There is a total of 2 two-player maps and 2 four-player maps.

2 Player:
Bridge - a classic battle map where the middle is seperated by a river

The Valley - an exquisite map where two armies fight in the battlefield
of nature. Credits to Aly Hassan for this map's concept art.

4 Player:
King of the Hill - a map where a fort w/ moat is placed in the middle.
Control over the middle fort is key to your army's victory.

Random: Creates a randomly generated map

Game Options:

After choosing the map, you can personalize how you want to play the game with various
options. NOTE: Many of the game options are NOT available when playing on custom maps.

Game Type:

Full Map: At the start of the game, almost the whole grid is covered with land owned by
different players. Each player is given the same amount of land with the same amount of 
armies.

Land Grab: Each player is given one piece of land with two armies in a random spot 
on the map.

Battle Type: Options for attacking other players NOTE: This is the ONLY option that is
changeable when playing on custom maps!

Attrition: When attacking land of an enemy player, you may lose armies in the process
based on how close your rolls are compared to your opponent's.

Winner Keeps All: When attacking the land of an enemy player, whoever rolls a higher sum
keeps all their armies and whoever rolls the lower sum loses all their armies in that
piece of land.

During the game:

Attacking phase: During this phase, the player who has the current turn is able to move his
armies. The player first clicks on the piece that he would like to move. Then the player 
clicks on the place that he would like to move the selected piece to.
The player is able to move his land that has at least two armies in it. The player
can move to squares adjacent to or diagonally from the selected piece. The player can't move
armies from one of his land to another of his land. The player can choose to end his turn
at any time, entering the army reinforcement phase.

Army Reinforcement phase: After a player ends his turn, he is able to reinforce the armies
in his land by receiving an extra amount of armies based on the amount of land he owns.
After placing all of his bonus armies, the turn switches to the next player.
END INSTRUCTIONS




